[DNS] Create tutorial on migration to CF with DNSSEC active (#8949)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/dnssec/dnssec-active-migration.md

{{</Aside>}}

This is an advanced procedure and assume some familiarity with [DNS concepts](/dns/concepts/), [API operations](/fundamentals/api/), and basic setup steps. Assumed knowledge that is not detailed in this tutorial can be referenced through the linked content in each of the steps.

## Requirement

The provider you are migrating from must allow you to add DNSKEY records on the zone apex and use these records in responses to DNS queries.

## 1. Set up Cloudflare

1. [Add your zone to Cloudflare](/fundamentals/get-started/setup/add-site/).

    To add your zone using the API, refer to the [Create Zone endpoint](/api/operations/zones-post).

2. [Review the records found by the automatic scan](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) or [import your zone file](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/import-and-export/).

    To import the zone file using the API, refer to the [Import DNS Records endpoint](/api/operations/dns-records-for-a-zone-import-dns-records).

3. Go to **DNS** > **Settings**, and select **Enable DNSSEC**. Or use the following [API request](/api/operations/dnssec-edit-dnssec-status).

```bash

> curl --request PATCH https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{zone_id}/dnssec \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --request PATCH https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{ZONE_ID}/dnssec \
```

Reviewer: Should replace throughout with capitalized version.

multisigner.info.    3600    IN    DNSKEY    256 3 13 pxEU<bla_bla_bla>0xOg==
multisigner.info.    3600    IN    DNSKEY    256 3 13 oJM<bla_bla_bla>XhSA==

$ dig multisigner.info dnskey @ashley.ns.cloudflare.com +noall +answer
multisigner.info.    3600    IN    DNSKEY    257 3 13 mdss<bla_bla_bla>eKGQ==
multisigner.info.    3600    IN    DNSKEY    256 3 13 oJM<bla_bla_bla>XhSA==
multisigner.info.    3600    IN    DNSKEY    256 3 13 pxEU<bla_bla_bla>0xOg==
```
</div>
</details>

{{</Aside>}}

## 3. Set up registrar

1. Add Cloudflare DS record to your registrar. You can see your Cloudflare DS record on the [dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/dns) by going to **DNS** > **Settings** > **DS Record**.
2. Add Cloudflare assigned nameservers to your registrar. You can see your Cloudflare nameservers by going to **DNS** > **Records**.

At this point your zone is in a [multi-signer DNSSEC setup](/dns/dnssec/multi-signer-dnssec/).

## 4. Remove previous provider

1. Remove your previous provider's DS record from your registrar.
2. Remove your previous provider's nameservers from your registrar.

> 3. After waiting at least one and a half times the [TTL](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/cdn/glossary/time-to-live-ttl/) of your previous provider DS record, you can remove the DNSKEY record (containing your previous provider ZSK) that you added to your Cloudflare zone in [step 2](#2-cross-import-zsks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After waiting at least one and a half times the [TTL](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/ttl/) of your previous provider DS record, you can remove the DNSKEY record (containing your previous provider ZSK) that you added to your Cloudflare zone in [step 2](#2-cross-import-zsks).
```

Author: I had seen this page in the DNS tile but didn't like the fact that this page goes on to talk about how CF handles TTL depending on Proxy status. Wanted some more generic definition of TTL in this case.
